Update build-first-app-overview.md (#2925)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/build-your-first-app/build-first-app-overview.md

    1. Look for an option to **Upload a custom app**.

    :::image type="content" source="../assets/images/build-your-first-app/upload-custom-app-closeup.png" alt-text="Illustration showing where in Teams you can upload a custom app.":::
    

>     If you don't see the button, you don't have permission to install custom apps in your organization. Read the next section to learn how to acquire your own free test subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you don't see the button, you don't have permission to upload custom apps in your org. You can get this feature by signing up for a free Microsoft 365 developer subscription.
```
@karthigb Changed the wording slightly to align with the dev program verbiage. Is this OK?

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
<details>

> <summary><b>Get a free Microsoft Teams subscription</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Get your free Microsoft 365 developer subscription</b></summary>
```
@karthigb Changed again to align with the dev program site.
